What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
R: Git creates hidden files that are useful for working with the repository

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
R: Staging area is a section between working directory and repository, this area has temporal files instead of working area and repository which saved real and permanent changes.

The value of staging ares is that gives you control on your commits, it allows you to choose what files you want to commit

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
R: Adding the elements which belongs to the logical change to staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
R: When you want to try new solutions or have suited version which fulfill some details. Branches help you organizing your main work from differente versions of the software

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
R: the diagrams show the structure of different branches of the project, with the parents and current commit.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
R: The result is that the changes of two branches are unified into ine branch merging the new code from the brances. The diagram helps to understand the parents
of the branches, the history and possibles detached heads.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
R: Pros Automatic merging
    1. you have no worries about conflict code
    2. you are independent commiting your changes
    
    Cons Automatic merging
    1. You have to organize the work with the colleagues for avoiding conflicts

    Pros Manual merging
    1. Special attention when there are conflicts with the code
    2. you are not concerned about organize the work because git will warn you

    Cons Manual merging
    1. It is possible that your work have to be changed
    2. It could be mistakes iif you are not carefull resolving the conflict
